Executive Producer: Kenzo Tsujimoto
Production/Planning/Setting:
CAPCOM
Production Cooperation:
Sony Music Entertainment Inc.
Production: Hiroshi Inagaki
Akio Sakai
Planning: Takeshi Sekiguchi
Megumu Sugiyama, Mitsuhisa Hida
Screenplay: Kenichi Imai
Gisaburo Sugii
Music: Tetsuya Komuro, Yuji Toriyama
Production Team: SEDIC
Animation Production: Group Tac
Producer: Kenichi Imai
Director: Gisaburo Sugii
London
Minister!
A word, please, Minister!
Look this way, please!
- Thatˊs another story.
- Right.
Can we get an interview, please?
Minister, a word, please!
Whatˊs that?!
Youˊre Minister of Justice
Sellers, correct?
- Go after her!
- Oh my God!
Stop her!
Get off of me!
GET OFF OF ME!
The terroristˊs name is Cammy White.
A special agent who belongs to MI6.
Sheˊs being interrogated at B Base...
but she has no memory
of the past 3 years.
What do you mean?
It seems like her mind is
being controlled.
By using Cammyˊs analysis data,
we should be able to figure out...
how Shadowlaw is creating terrorists
with special abilities.
We also know that Shadowlaw is
gathering info...
on street fighters around the world
to create weapons like Cammy.
Turning street fighters into
terrorists, huh...
This man is a fighter named Sagat.
He is admired as a muay thai champion
and a hero in Thailand.
This is Bison, exiled from the boxing
world due to his savagery.
This is Balrog, a Spanish fighter
feared as Crazy Viper.
These three are now
members of Shadowlaw...
as combat personnel under Vega.
Shadowlawˊs crimes are increasing
in size year by year.
We need to destroy them immediately.
I think itˊs time we carry out an
investigation with the US military.
Patterson Air Force Base
Major Guile!
People from Interpol
are here to see you.
Interpol?
Iˊm Chun-Li.
What do you want?
Weˊve come to have a meeting on
joint investigation on Shadowlaw.
Iˊll defeat Vega.
What do you mean?
I donˊt need help
defeating Vega.
Major Guile, this is a decision
made by the military!
We just need to defeat Vega, right?
Well, good luck to you, too.
- Iˊve been waiting for you.
- Hurry up and show me.
Right away, sir.
This is the newly revamped
monitor cyborg with...
super performance computer equipped.
Images captured by this monitor
cyborg will be sent instantly to...
the super computer at headquarters
via satellite communication.
Itˊs already been arranged to replace
the old monitor robots with these.
Good.
By the way, have you found him?
Not yet, sir.
How can you not find a man
so strong he defeated Sagat?
Weˊve been tracking info
on fighters from all over...
I wonder if this man named Ryu really
can be such a strong fighter.
This was recorded by the computer.
2000 is the limit of any fighterˊs
potential combat capacity.
But 3600? I can hardly believe it.
At any rate, youˊll have to find
Ryu as soon as possible!
I donˊt care if itˊs on top of
the Himalayas. Send cyborgs out!
Ryu, what do you see lying
ahead of your fists?
Thatˊs good for now.
Get some rest.
Before breakfast, letˊs go to
the valley to get some water.
OK!
You bastard! Why did you pull your
punches?! Did you go easy on me?
Idiot! I donˊt go easy on you!
Iˊll never understand you.
Thatˊs fine.
Someday, thereˊll be time when we
seriously have to fight each other.
Seattle
Sorry that Iˊm late.
Itˊs not usual for you
to be late, Ken.
My opponent was harder I expected,
and it took longer than I thought.
And how did it go?
Of course I won.
So you added another title
to your name.
Yeah.
Suzhou, China
Hey, is Fei Long not here yet?
We canˊt shoot a movie without
the leading man.
Strange.
He shouldˊve headed here already.
This happens every time.
Give me a break...
- Hey, Fei Long.
- Whatˊs going on?
Just some entertainment.
Entertainment?
Some young man in the audience
is being dragged to the ring.
I didnˊt say anything!
I heard you muttering to yourself
while watching the show.
You must be pretty tough,
talking like that.
Hm, interesting.
Such a big star, yet you still like
to fight in places like this.
That guy doesnˊt look so bad.
Little brat...
Nice one.
Can I challenge you now?
You look like some fighter.
Whatˊs your name?
My name is Ryu.
Iˊm just a Japanese traveler.
I have no intention to fight.
Not yet! Itˊs not over yet!
Iˊll show you my special!
Get ready!
- I canˊt believee this!
- Did he just get beaten?
Now I remember! Ryu!
A few years ago, there was a fighter
who defeated...
the muay thai champion,
Sagat, and went missing.
I think he was Japanese and
the name was Ryu.
Are you that Ryu?
I heard Sagat is now in Shadowlaw
training himself.
Shadowlaw? Whatˊs that?
- You donˊt know?
- No.
Itˊs a crime syndicate
thatˊs spreading...
weaponry and drugs
all over the world.
Sagat...is in a crime syndicate...
Ryu...weˊll meet again.
Northern Seattle
Fight, Ken!
Iˊve come here to fight you!
You donˊt get it, do you?
I donˊt street fight anymore!
It doesnˊt matter
where a fighter fights.
Nonsense.
Whatˊs the point in fighting
on the street like this?
You have honorable titles
as a fighter.
Defeating such a man is
an honor to another fighter!
Thatˊs what I call nonsense!
Plus, you canˊt defeat me.
No matter who comes at me,
no one can defeat me...
except for Ryu.
Ryu? That vagabond fighter
that went missing?
Donˊt compare me with
someone like him!
I see. I guess youˊre not that bad.
I like it!
Whatˊs wrong?
Why do you not finish me?
Ryu, where are you?
Come settle the fight soon!
Calcutta
Are you all right?
Oh no...
I see. Your motherˊs ill.
Iˊm sorry.
Can you buy it again with this?
Here.
Damn you...!
Whatˊs this...?
My body wonˊt...move...
I feel a powerful aura.
Heˊs strong.
- Come on!
- Whatˊs going on?!
- Fight!
- Hurry up and fight!
- Dhalsim!
- Fight!
Wait!
Iˊll let you win this fight.
What do you mean,
ˊˊlet me winˊˊ?!
I felt someone powerful
behind me.
Are you going to forfeit the match
with that nonsense?!
No. I concede the fight.
Then Iˊll take the prize.
Yeah.
Whatˊs wrong?!
Iˊve never felt such strong
fighting power before.
- Whatˊs going on?
- He stopped fighting?
Damn it!
Are you all right?!
- Who are those guys?
- Terrorists from Shadowlaw.
Shadowlaw?
- Leftover money...
- Yeah, I got it. Thank you.
Yo! Half of this money is yours.
- Money?
- I mightˊve lost without you.
Take it.
Weˊre both Japanese.
Donˊt be humble!
Are you sure you erased Jahan?
Yes, I am sure.
At the scene, the monitor cyborg
found an unknown fighter.
- Weˊre investigating him now.
- Anything else?
The cyborg in Seattle sent us
some interesting data.
Iˊd like you to see it as well.
Iˊll be right there.
I hope your info was worth
my trip here.
Yes. Take a look at this.
This man has some skill,
but we found something intriguing.
I compared him against Ryuˊs image.
Whoˊs this guy?
Ken Masters.
The command center pc has data
of his title matches.
But we didnˊt realize his relation
to Ryu.
What do you mean?
Ken and Ryu trained under the same
master for over 10 years in Japan.
Their fighting skills
are roughly equal.
Equal? The potential fighting
capacity is different.
We havenˊt acquired current data
on Ryu, but possibly...
a bug in the system or Ryu hasnˊt...
been able to utilize his capacity.
Ryuˊs fellow pupil...
It might be interesting
to use him as a weapon...
for Plan P.
General, American President
Ed Pressman is...
a strong promoter of
arms control legislation...
so heˊs heavily guarded.
We need him out of the way,
but it must be done carefully.
If we train him with my Psycho Power,
itˊll work out.
But...the Cammy incident...
Cammy achieved our objective.
Sheˊs being interrogated
at Interpol.
I donˊt care. Her job is done.
Leave her be.
Weˊve received interrogation footage
of Cammy at Interpol.
Let me see it.
We know that youˊre an MI6 agent.
I donˊt remember.
We donˊt know why an MI6 agent
such as yourself...
assassinated the Minister
of Justice...
by the command of Shadowlaw.
I donˊt remember.
Cammy, your mind
was being controlled.
Weˊd like to at least
get a clue...
as to how and where
you were controlled.
Try to remember.
I donˊt remember.
Leave her be.
Some measly Interpol system is
no match for my Psycho Power.
But if we leave her be...
Weˊll take care of her in time.
More importantly, do not slack
on finding Ryu.
No matter what,
bring him to me.
Understood, sir.
On another note, would you like to
order the capture of Ken?
No need.
Itˊs fun to trap a man like that.
Whatˊs all this?
Investigating on your own
is against the rules.
Youˊre nosy, lady.
If youˊre not gonna move,
Iˊll just run you over.
Go ahead.
Major Guile, Iˊm sorry your best
friend was killed by Vega.
Is it also Interpolˊs job to
pry into the private lives of others?
Iˊm sorry to intrude,
but I read your file.
Vega is no longer just your target
to avenge your best friend.
Standing here talking wonˊt
stop Vega.
Then try me out and see
if Iˊm all talk?
I donˊt have time to play!
Vega is also my target.
To avenge my father...
But...Iˊm an Interpol agent!
Annihilation of Shadowlaw comes
before my private grudges.
Major Guile...
if you have pride
as a member of the Air Force...
lend us your help!
I donˊt like a woman who talks
too much. Are you coming or not?
Of course, Iˊm coming!
Los Angeles
Why is there a monitor cyborg
at a nightclub?
Some fighter named Dee Jay is there.
You idiots donˊt get my music.
Go home.
Bastard...!
I didnˊt do anything!
There!
Iˊm Major Guile, Air Force.
What does Major Guile of
the Air Force want?
Youˊre my fan?
Youˊve been marked by Shadowlaw.
Shadowlaw as in the scary
organization? Oh, the horror!
Iˊm not kidding. Fall in with them,
and you wonˊt be playing anymore.
I was kidding.
Why would Shadowlaw mark
a guy like me?
Theyˊre gathering info on
each and every notable fighter.
- That doesnˊt concern me!
- Yes, it does.
Your data has already been sent
to Shadowlaw by this.
Whatˊs this monster?
Some kind of creepy doll?
Itˊs a monitor cyborg.
It gathers information for
Shadowlawˊs supercomputer.
A lot of these are roaming around.
Watch out, and tell your friends.
Guile, huh...
I see heˊs cooperating with Interpol
to try to stop me.
What do you say, Balrog?
Would you like to have fun...
with this agent, Chun-Li?
Sheˊs beautiful, isnˊt she?
An agent trying to avenge
her father...
Donˊt you think
itˊs admirable, Balrog?
Patch me to Las Vegas.
Las Vegas
Here you are.
Most of the bosses in charge of
their trafficking routes are here.
Itˊll be OK. Right.
Contact the command center?
Understood.
That investigation has been
troublesome lately.
Our upcoming transaction
will go smoothly, right?
Itˊs been taken care of.
5000kg of coke to London, correct?
Could you tell the General
to contact me once?
Will do.
Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for waiting.
The show is about to begin.
Please proceed to the hall.
Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for waiting.
Let me introduce the fighters
competing today.
Emperor of the Russian
wrestling world...
The man with a steel body...
Zangief!
His opponent is...
a man of unusual origins.
He learned to fight beasts
in the depths of the jungle...
Blanka!
Ouch!
New York
Strange...
She said she was going back
to her room earlier.
Damn it! Iˊm in a hurry...
Youˊre...Balrog!
This is strange.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Pick it up!
Whatˊs that?!
Chun-Li!
Slowly skinning a cornered
rabbit...thatˊs what I like.
This also loves to suck the blood
of especially cute rabbits.
My...my beautiful face...!
Iˊll kill you!
God damn it...
Chun-Li!
Are you OK, Chun-Li?!
- It was Balrog.
- What?!
Chun-Li! Chun-Li!
Chun-Li!
Then what happened to Balrog?
He was handed over to the NYPD?!
Weˊre currently tracking
monitor cyborgs here.
Theyˊve been spotted around
Ken Masters...
winner of the National Fighterˊs
Championship. He lives in Seattle.
Yes. Unlike no-name
street fighters...
heˊs got skills.
Iˊm sure Vega will approach him.
Weˊre also investigating Ryu,
who trained with Ken.
Weˊve heard that a fighter
who headed for Thailand...
from India seems to fit his profile.
OK. You track down that guy,
Ryu, as well.
Iˊm worried about Chun-Li...
Iˊll wait here at the hospital
for a little bit longer.
As soon as things are settled here,
Iˊll go meet Ken in Seattle.
Please have Kenˊs file ready.
Lake Washington
Eliza...
You wanna get married?
What is this all of a sudden?
You donˊt want to?
Thatˊs not what I mean.
Youˊve neveer talked about
anything like this before.
Then why not?
But...
But...?
Itˊs not like you.
Did something happen?
Nothing special...
Ken!
Ken, you ARE acting unusual today.
Sorry.
Thank you.
What you said before...I accept.
- Eliza...
- I love you.
Call me later.
Ryu, Iˊm tired of
waiting for you...
General, the targetˊs
car is in sight.
Good. Move in closer.
Bastard!
What the hell?!
Youˊre Ken Masters, right?
Iˊve come to pick you up.
Pick me up?!
Who are you?!
Iˊm Vega, the General of Shadowlaw.
Vega? Never heard of you.
What do you want?
Iˊll turn you into a strong fighter.
Creepy old man. Go away!
I will turn you into a fighter
stronger than Ryu!
Ryu? You know Ryu?!
The name Ryu gets you serious, huh?
Shut up!
Itˊs none of your business!
You monster!
What are you gonna do with me?!
Using some weird move...
No use fighting against
Psycho Power.
Psycho Power?
Ken, do not resist. Obey me.
Shut up!
Ken, obey me.
Who would obey a monster!
You donˊt understand, do you?
Youˊre really something.
Iˊm looking forward to growing you.
What does it mean for you to come
all the way to see Ken Masters?
Kenˊs been marked by Vega.
- Is this Kenˊs car?
- Yes, no doubt.
Weˊre too late.
New York Branch of Interpol
Regarding the locations of Shadowlaw
branches and monitor cyborgs...
no bases have been spotted around
Seattle except for warehouses.
If Ken has been taken...
it would be to where the other
fighters were trained by Vega.
Do we have any info on such bases?
We havenˊt been able to locate
their training facility yet...
but their large command center bases
are located in East Asia.
Major Guile...
speaking of East Asia,
we found the location of Ryu...
Kenˊs fellow pupil.
Thatˊs the man who was
in India. Where is he?
In the mountains near the Laotian
border, on the Thai side.
Are there monitor cyborgs
in place around Ryu?
Yes. Weˊve caught some...
but Ryu has been moving around
through China, India, Thailand...
and the objective of
these movements is unknown...
so it doesnˊt look like specific
cyborgs are tracking him.
According to our data, Ryu possesses
the same skill leveel as Ken.
Thereˊs no reason why Vega
would leave him be.
Weˊll approach him first and try to
disrupt his contact with Shadowlaw.
How is the military/Interpol joint
plan to stop Shadowlaw progressing?
Weˊve already located most of
their large bases.
We start from East Asia,
especially the command center
near the Cambodian border...
Weˊve planned a large scale attack
on it by our special forces.
Chun-Li...
Weˊve finally located
Vegaˊs main base.
Iˊll avenge you and your
father with my own hands.
You probably want to do it
yourself...
but this time, let me
handle it while you rest.
Iˊm going now.
Ken...
I see the source of your power
is your rivalry against Ryu.
Very well.
Let me enhance that rivalry
with my Psycho Power.
Ryu, are you OK?
Yeah, I am.
Thank you.
Another one!
Major Guile.
Weˊre nearing the mountains
at the Laotian bprder.
OK.
General Vega.
We just received word that
a military helicopter...
with Guile on board is nearing
the Laotian border.
Looks like theyˊve located Ryu.
Guileˊs going to Ryu?
Theyˊre trying to beat me
to the punch.
Letˊs take Ken and go see them.
But Ken isnˊt completely...
Thatˊs fine.
Iˊm just going to let them
have a fatal match...
Then Iˊll come back with Ryu.
Get things ready right away.
Yes, sir.
General, let me fight Ryu.
Sagat, youˊre an important
fighter for Shadowlaw.
Forget that old grudge with Ryu.
But if I donˊt fight him again,
my honor...
The honor of a fighter...
Meaningless.
Your enemy is now the whole world.
But...!
Sagat, Shadowlawˊs rules state that
you are not to disobey me!
You know very well.
I have another order for you.
Go to New York right away and
clean up Balrog and Cammy.
In Shadowlaw, you are not to fail
executing my plans, either.
Thailand, in the mountains
Hey Ryu, why donˊt we take a break
and have some tea?
Sure.
Looks like itˊs going to rain.
Whatˊs that?
Ryu, look. Someoneˊs coming.
Odd to get visitors way out here.
Are you Ken Mastersˊ friend, Ryu?
Yeah. Who are you?
Major Guile, US Air Force.
Did something happen to Ken?!
Heˊs been kidnapped by a crime
syndicate called Shadowlaw.
Kenˊs been kidnapped by Shadowlaw?!
Heˊll be used to carry out terrorism.
Ken would neveer lend a hand to
a crime syndicate.
Theyˊve brainwashed him.
Kenˊs become a terrorist...
- Vegaˊs personal aircraft!
- What?!
So many guests today...
And a rude one at that.
Ken!
You finally showed up, Vega.
Itˊs been a while, Major Guile.
We have all the actors,
and the setting is perfect.
You...!
What are you gonna do with Ken?!
Ah, you must be Ryu!
Ken became a Shadowlaw fighter
in place of you.
You bastard!
Let Ken go!
Ryu!
Ken!
How do you like it, Ryu?
The current Ken is a killing
machine that I have created.
Will you be able to defeat him?
Ken, itˊs me, Ryu!
Iˊm sorry, but he canˊt hear his
best friendˊs voice right now.
He is a machine whose sole
purpose is defeating you.
Ken, snap out of it!
Vega, I canˊt let criminal scum
like you run rampant!
Sense of justice, huh...
Guile, an evil mind is
the source of all power.
Ken here will prove that.
Beating him is faster than
listening to his damn speech.
Here I come!
Who are you?
Iˊll be your opponent!
Guile, why donˊt you try to
see if you can defeat me?
Youˊll get your wish.
Ken, itˊs me.
Snap out of it!
Ken!
Itˊs me, Ryu!
Snap out of it, Ken!
Whatˊs wrong? Donˊt you want to
avenge your friend? Come at me!
I wonˊt fall for the same move!
Too easy!
Oh no!
Wait... Itˊs not over...yet...
Ken, wake up! I donˊt want to
fight you like this.
Snap out of it!
Ken...
Ken, itˊs me, Ryu!
Look at me, Ken!
Ryu...
Ken...
Loser...
STOP!
Ken!
Get out of my way!
Youˊre going to fight me?
Interesting.
Let me see how good you are.
Shut up and get out of my way!
Quit talking and defeat me.
Then you can go to your friend.
Move away!
Iˊm going now.
Yeah. Take care. Iˊll be leaving
here in a few days as well.
When we meet again...
When we see each other next time...
Iˊll be looking forward to it.
You piece of...!
Ryu, how about it?
You, too, obey me and become
a chosen fighter of Shadowlaw.
Cut the crap!
I will never be your lackey!
You still have strength
to resist me?
- Impressive.
- Shut up!
Fool.
I take it youˊre going?
Yes. I will miss you!
You will someday face someone
you must defeat beyond a match.
Training means moving forward
toward that day.
Beyond a match...?
Master, what do you mean,
ˊˊbeyond a matchˊˊ?!
Master!
I will tell you!
What was that?
What happened?
I canˊt remember...
Whatˊs happened to my body?!
Damn it...
Thatˊs...
I get it. Thatˊs the aircraft
that monster was on...
I remember now.
Ryu!
Thatˊs him!
Vega!
Ryu!
My body...!
Control your breathing and mind, and
cultivate energy into spirit...
Cultivate energy into spirit...
Cultivate spirit into body...
Cultivate god to obtain the way...
Stand up straight as if my head
is being pulled from above...
Calm the mind and relax the back...
Concentrate, relax the hip...
Put my weight on one leg...
Relax the shoulders and arms...
Focus my consciousness...
Harmonize the top and bottom...
Keep the arms and legs moving...
Find peace in the movements...
Outside are the shapes...
Inside are the meridians...
Cultivate spirit with the breath...
- Yin and yang reach the limit...
- Make the body like steel...
Create the four elements.
Push the elements to their limit...
Form the eight symbpls...
When it reaches the limit
of rigidness...
it becomes soft... When it reaches
the limit of softness...
it becomes rigid...
Ken!
Itˊs all about what you
see beyond your fists.
Ken, wake up!
Ryu...
Whatˊs wrong?
Show your power!
Ken!
Ryu, we finally meet again.
Iˊll greet you later.
- First, we stop this creep!
- Yeah!
You really want to fight me
no matter what.
Very well. Iˊll be your opponent
in battle. Come!
Ah, you were able to hit me.
Youˊre as good as I expected.
Come at me harder!
Whatˊs wrong?
More!
More! Show me more!
Even if itˊs brief,
you shook me up.
This man, Ryu...
Vega!
Ken, now!
This is it!
- Is this Guile?
- Yeah.
This is New York Central
Hospital calling.
Please come to the hospital
right away.
Chun-Li!
Watch out, you idiot!
Chun-Li...
Your father is avenged, as promised.
I know.
Joint Interpol/US military operation
to destroy Shadowlaw succeeds!
Yay, Guile!
- You brat!
- Sorry!
I wonˊt forgive you!
- You little brat!
Ryu, next time we see each other,
weˊll finish our match.
Yeah.
You want a ride?
Nah, Iˊll walk.
Where are you going now?
I donˊt know yet.
Ryu, youˊve become strong.
You, too.
See you!
Lead Animator: Yasuhiro Oshima
Animators: Minoru Maeda, Marisuke Eguchi
Character Design: Shuko Murase
Visual Effects: Isamu Imakake
Fight Director: Shinichi Shoji
Computer Animation: Tsuneo Maeda
Art Director: Satoshi Matsuoka
Color Settings: Ritsuko Utagawa
Cinematographer: Hiroaki Edamitsu
Edit: Masashi Furukawa J.S.E.
Sound Director: Atsushi Tatsumi
Music Producer: Keiichi Momose
Production Advisors: Yuji Nozaki
Paul Hassey
Fight Advisors: Kazuyoshi Ishii
Andy Hug
Assistant Director: Naoto Hashimoto
Assistant Producer: Futoshi Nishimura
Animation Producers: Ken Fujita
Ikuo Sato